you
now I must
it's easy to write X blades off a brutal
hack-and-slash by company no one really
knows of why bother when we already have
devil may cry and then you got in
filling that need with an obviously much
larger financial banking behind them
it's usually not a good sign when one of
the selling points is apparently a
scantily clad anime chick gracing the
cover either when I first turned on X
plays this is what struck me the color
scheme and no I do not mean the clashing
tones between the main characters ass
and the little strip of cloth that just
barely manages to grace the middle of it
here's what I'm saying despite the
overall basic cartoonish lost the
character models and background carry it
was refreshing the dungeons you're
exploring do not carry the same amount
of artistic detail of say a gear is
title but then it doesn't need to
there's a certain Beauty to the game
simplicity I enjoyed checking out each
new area despite there being only a
small fundamental difference between
each location I really have no problems
with the main character either sexual
exploitation or not it's nice not having
to look at an over muscular meathead at
least every once in a while hack and
slash games have been known for their
brutal difficulty in these recent years
but thankfully exploits does not follow
that trend not that I have anything
against such difficult games and I do
enjoy them myself but it's nice to
finally see a game that's not following
that painfully hard trend just because
it happens to share the same genre
instead exploits is fun and lightning
fast the game features a much more
prominent arcade player than what we
typically see it reminded me a lot of
the old classic ninja turtles and final
fight style games there are a ton of
enemies and you need to slash through
them all there are boss fights in which
sometimes you can successfully just
brute force your way through rather than
follow a gimmick every single time it's
mindless fun hack and slash some may
find the gameplay to be a little too
simple there's not a lot of elegance
that goes into stringing combos together
and you'll be doing a lot of hammering
way on the heck ex bought the game moves
at such a fast pace low that it refrains
from feeling too sluggish and it's that
which keeps it from being just another
crappy Genji days of the blade or what
have you you do have to appreciate
arcade quick gameplay in order to enjoy
this though but still the various
special moves and magical abilities are
still fun to unlock as you play along
and while I did mention that you could
fight against bosses by sometimes just
brute forcing your way through you can
still learn their patterns and it
encourages you to experiment to see what
works best there's a small part of me
deep down you know that critical game
reviewer side of me but saying to rate
this game lower as it's not any sort of
deep experience the Caston storyline is
pretty much more or less forgettable
cartoony nonsense and the short cut
scene sequences could have been directed
a little better i'm sure this game will
be forgotten quickly because it
ultimately is a rather casual experience
with a main character in a thong but
then is damned as I maybe I still had a
lot of fun playing this I had a lot of
fun executing the hell out of the
demonic successful that surrounded me
and blazing through areas the rough
around the edges feel had a certain
charm that I just could jive with as
soon as I beat the game I found myself
wanting to play again if you don't like
hack and slash you'll no doubt find the
game repetitive if you want each battle
to be stuffed with skill and graces you
barely managed to squeeze by with the
skin of your teeth you probably won't
like this is it doesn't really get any
sort of difficult until near the air but
then if you want simple and fun with a
game that just doesn't look like a mere
replica of everything else I recommend
checking this one out it's a very good
slightly lower budget king exploits for
the xbox 360 receives an 8 out of 10